# Turn-in Instructions

For homework assignments, you will receive either a beginning Xcode project, or at the very least a list of requirements for the assignment. In either case, you will use/create an Xcode project to complete the objectives of the homework and to test your apps. You should have a forked copy of the class repo cloned to your Mac, and this repo will allow you to commit your changes to each homework assignment locally.

To begin work on your homework assigment, you will create an issue in the class repo with the contents being either the README for that assignment, or eventually a list of requirements that you create based on the homework description. This will allow you to check off the tasks for each assignment and show your progress to me and the rest of the class. The actual submission of the assigment will be in class. Each assignment is due at 3:00 PM the day after it is assigned. I will be checking the app's function and design by roaming the class and asking each student to run and use the app. For weekend assignments, the due date will be Monday at 2:00 PM. These assignments will be a little longer, so they will require additional grading time. As you can see, you will have a little time between the day's lecture and the due time to finish up your assignment from the previous day. This grace period has been added intentionally to allow you some additional time to confer with me or the other students if you had questions/issues to resolve on the homework. Be careful though, as there WILL be an assignment everyday, and you will want to use the bulk of your lab time each day to tackle that day's assignment. Improper time management will cause you to fall behind.
